---
title: "Test"
image: 
  thumbnail: /images/braised-chicken-potatoes.jpg
categories:
  - recipe
tags:
  - bento
last_modified_at: 2025-09-29T10:19:00-05:00
---


I posted a detailed 7 day food journal about 3 months ago, you can check my post history. 

This time I decided to post our total food bill for the month and write about some notable food highlights.

We are a household of 2 adults, 47F and 50M. No kids, no pets. I won't go into too much details but we are comfortably FI and choose to work because both of us have fully remote jobs and we both work only 1-3 hours per day.

Our daily life is very peaceful and stress free. The rare times I feel stressed is when I lose too many games in pickleball. I enjoy cooking, grocery shopping which I think of as a separate hobby, pickleball, napping, watching anime, and exploring new places to eat with him. We also do a lot of home improvement projects together, which is another significant area of spending. Our newly built house with solar panels is fully paid off. No debts. Our living expenses is pretty low but I am very happy with our quality of life. I am very grateful for our blessings in life, especially for each other. Having a partner whom you know will always have your back, is your best friend, your adventure buddy, pickleball partner and has the same financial values as you is like winning the lottery.

For this month we spent $508 on grocery and $511 eating out, for a grand total of $1,018.

I think we eat very well and I know our grocery bill is relatively low. I am a very good shopper, I buy in bulk and buy items on sale. I cook without recipes and can come up with dishes based on what ingredients I have, so I rarely waste food. I consider it my secret skill. I also cook fresh meals every lunch and dinner, we don't like eating leftovers. It takes me about 30 to 45 minutes to finish cooking each meal and do some light cleanup. We use the dishwasher for everything including pots and pans and he wipes things down. I also cook mostly in our backyard so less cleanup to do.


|Food Expenses||
| --- | --- |
|Groceries|$508|
|Eating out|$511|
|Total for the month|$1,018|

## Eating Out - $511
We usually spend less than $150 per month eating out as I cook almost everyday, but this month is quite unusual as we spent $511. We ate out 6 times and bought some treats to go. We actually had two more meals outside but his parents paid for it once and his sister paid for it once. It's our turn to treat next time.

We splurged on a 8 course chef tasting menu ($268). It was a very memorable experience and the restaurant owners (husband and wife team) came to chat with us in between the courses and brought the chef out to greet us. We felt like VIPs!

I recently discovered an app called "Too Good To Go (TGTG)", through which you can buy the leftover food of the day from bakeries and restaurants. I love the thrill of finding a good deal (hard habit to kick from my money saving days) and wanted to try every place that was available close to us. I made 4 TGTG orders this month. My favorite is from a dim sum place from which I got 3 orders of dim sum items for $6. Peets coffee is pretty decent too, 5 pastries for $4. I probably will not do it too often anymore now that I know what it's about and it's definitely not good for our waistlines.
 
A friend came to visit from out of town and we had dinner at an all you can eat korean bbq. It was delicious and well worth the money at $35/person + tips and tax. We ordered some beer too, so that was a $102 meal for both of us.

An indian pizza place just opened up and they had 50% off on their grand opening day. We ordered Chicken Tikka Pizza and we really enjoyed it ($19.48).

Here are all our eating out items for the month:
- 4 orders of too good to go (bakery treats)
- all you can eat korean bbq and beer
- lunch at a vietnamese restaurant
- boba 
- indian pizza and mango lassi
- 8 course chef tasting menu 
- 2 outings of sandwich and fries


## Grocery - $508
I counted all the credit card grocery store vists and we made 30 visits to the grocery stores this month! 

The stores include Safeway, Trader Joes, Costco, Winco, an Asian grocery store and a couple more random stores. 

We live within a 10 minute drive to many grocery stores, and most of them are on the way to our pickleball club, which we go to 4-5 times a week. So we will often pick up a few items on the way back home after a pickleball session. I often will make a quick run to Safeway to pick up a few items as it's just a 3 minute drive from our house. 

$508 is pretty in line with what we spend each month on grocery. I just checked the freezer and it's packed full of meat. I think our grocery bill next month will be a lot lower.

I've been doing the japanese way of eating since a couple months ago, which is called ichiju sansai, or 3 dishes and 1 soup, mostly eaten with rice. Our meals feel so much fancier and it also helps with portion control. We are also eating less meat and more vegetables because of this style of eating. Hot soup helps makes us feel fuller.  We are going to Asia in a few months and I plan to buy lots of pretty japanese style plates and bowls.
